Even your most trusted subordinates have betrayed you
Miss Shen
You have been betrayed all your life
OK
Miss Chen
Do you really think I would easily let someone save the cloud?
I promised the old lady
Get you out of the dog cage
Now I can put you back on a leash too
He ate it.
This is the poison I researched just for you
If you don't eat
I'll kill him.
Sister Divine Beast can't fight me
As long as this person is still in my hands
You are a dog in my hands
Haha, is it?
What are you doing?
I am only loyal to Master Shen
The reason why I have so many tricks with you today
Just to let you relax and retire
Your people have fished the old house of Shenjiang
No one could save you before
Haha, I have had a dog for so many years
It was actually returned to the owner
Miss Shen
So what if you take this person away?
A living dead man still has to kneel down and beg me in the end
Don't worry, I'll definitely worry about it.
Shen Shujie, you will die of this heart
Yan Shuangzhi's waste has turned into a gun and woke up